1.
Question 1
Which of the following are key concepts found in all object-oriented programming languages, according to the lessons in this module?
Ans:
Polymorphism
Inheritance
Abstraction

Question 2
Which of the following are examples of data abstraction features supported by Java, according to the lessons in this module?
Ans:
Interfaces
Classes

Question 3
Which of the following is the best definition of an "abstract data type" (ADT), according to the lessons in this module?
Ans:
An ADT defines a set of data values and a set of operations on these values.

Question 4
Which of the following are accurate descriptions of differences between Java classes and interfaces, according to the lessons in this module?
Ans:
A Java interface cannot be instantiated directly, whereas a class can.

Question 5
Which of the following are benefits of Java generics, according to the lessons in this module?
Ans:
They help eliminate unnecessary duplication of code.
They ensure compile-type safety when operating on different types.

Question 6
Which of the following are benefits of inheritance in Java, according to the lessons in this module?
Ans:
It enhances reuse by allowing classes to reuse common state and behavior from other class. 

Question 7
Which of the following describe the purpose of exception handling in Java, according to the lessons in this module?
Ans:
It separates the control flow paths of normal app execution from the control flow paths of anomalous app execution.
It makes Java apps more robust and easier to understand and evolve.

Question 8
Which of the following describe the purpose of polymorphism in Java, according to the lessons in this module?
Ans:
It enables transparent customization of methods in a subclass that are inherited from a super class.

Question 9
Which of the following are expectations of learners who take this MOOC, according to the lessons in this module?
Ans:
You are expected to be interested in both the concepts and practice of developing mobile apps
You are expected have basic computer literacy skills, such as knowing how to send & receive emails and browse the web.

Question 10
Which of the following are recommended strategies for learning the material covered in this MOOC, according to the lessons in this module?
Ans:
Follow the links to articles, tutorials, source code, and documentation provided in the lesson slides.
Attend Coursera meet up groups near you.
Participate in the online discussion forums.
Watch the lessons carefully before taking the quizzes and doing the programming assignments.
